Add a deploy script for StakingEscrow (#46)
nucypher/nucypher-contracts: README.md

```
You will be asked to input the private key, and to choose a password. The account will then be available as `<id>`.

Then run the deployment scripts:
```
$ brownie run scripts/deploy_subscription_manager.py main <id> --network polygon-main
$ brownie run scripts/deploy_staking_escrow.py main <id> --network rinkeby
```

Configurations for the deployments are in `brownie-config.yaml`.

> For example, `StakingEscrow.sol` requires Nu Token Contract, T Staking Contract, and Work Lock Contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, `StakingEscrow.sol` requires NU token Contract, T Staking Contract, and Worklock Contract.
```
